Hi.
We didn't lecture regrouping to send our first manual push notification using one signal dashboard.
So now we have everything we need in our app.
We have configured our app to be capable of sending push notifications.
And now we're ready.
So in order to test this we have to use a real iPhone device.
As I said before.
So as you can see there is this final option to install the SDK zombie I've already done that.
And here you will see a box saying that you have to check this out scribed users.
So it's kind of optional but it's nice to do that.
So what does it mean to be subscribed.
So when you accept some push notification service from some app you get subscribed to the push notifications
of that particular app.
So it's kind of a YouTube.
So you subscribe to that app you subscribe to the push notifications and the developer in this case
v will publish some apps for some push notifications and you will receive that push notifications once
we publish.
OK.
So this is kind of a publisher's subscriber relationship.
So let me come over here and plug my iPhone.
OK with USP and as you can see it appears over here so that I can choose it and I can run it on my phone.
And also I'm going to bring in my phone using quick time players so that you can actually track what's
going on inside my phone as well.
And the app this is my dog and it will take some time because we are doing this for the very first time
and it's actually building a lot of tasks as you can see.
Now we have run this in our simulator before but it's the first time that we're running this on our
phone.
So it may take some time so feel free to pose the video and come back when it's done.
So after it's done I'm going to open my app and it's going to ask me for a push notification per mission
as you can see once I see the app running on my phone it asks me for a permission.
So once I hit the yellow button on my phone I will get subscribed to the push notifications.
And in fact I can see them over.
I did one signal dashboard.
OK.
So once you do that you can go back to your want signal and try to see if this is logged in or not.
So let me log in by the way with James in my phone.
So James that's Metallica dot com.
OK.
And yeah.
It's seeking a little bit time as you can see because I'm really typing on my phone rather than my simulator
over here.
So I'm going to click on this sign in button and it will just take me inside of my app.
And as you can see now I'm seeing everything that we have built in the previous section.
Now I can come over here to upload something and so.
Now let me go back because we are not interested in the Instagram features right now but we are interested
in the push notification features.
So it's time to test if we can I V cooled subscribe or not.
OK you can do that over the first screen that we have seen over here.
And if you have closed this for some reason I will show you have to do that.
And as you can see once I say check subscribed users it couldn't find the subscribe to users even though
I am sure I have given the permission to do so.
So if you didn't get this error if you have seen Yep successful you have one subscribed user then it's
okay for you.
But if you didn't see it if you didn't see and subscribed users like me I will show you how to handle
this.
So I'm going to come over here and I'm just going to say check subscribed users one more time and it's
clearly not working for me.
So I'm going to leave the set up and I'm going to go into my dashboard and in here this is the dashboard
of my insta clone firebase.
You can just click on the app name and if you come into the main dashboard for some reason you can click
your app name as well in order to reach your apps dashboard.
And here you will see we really don't have any subscribed users.
So we have only zero subscribed users so it clearly doesn't work.
So I'm going to update my paths I'm going to update my repository so that if there is any change in
the paths and so that I can just update it and I can use the latest version and you can come across
with this kind of problems especially when it's transitional periods like this.
So now we're moving into I.S. 13 and I believe there is some sort of bug but we're going to come over
this problem.
So I'm going into my IRS complete folder to find my e quantify your base.
So I'm going to Rampart update over here or you can't run path install repo updates.
OK.
So this will update your pots and if it doesn't work for you again please run pod install repo update
like this so that it will update your pods it will update your current project folders and again please
make sure you select the latest version you see over here rather than using mine so that you won't be
using an outdated version.
So if the codes changed by time of course I'm going to update this lesson anyway.
But if it doesn't change you have to use the latest version in order to ensure stability in your app.
So after this is completed I'm going to delete my application from my iPhone because I'm going to install
it one more time and it will ask me to give some permissions.
And once I do that I will see if this is subscribed or not.
So here you go.
Now it's updated 4B.
So let me plug in my iPhone and after you delete the existing app from your phone you can just try to
run this one more time.
So let me run this OK and let me go back to my phone to see it and I believe it's going to be fast this
time because we have already built this but we have updated the pods as well.
So I'm not sure yet.
It's building from scratch so it's going to take some time again.
But these things happen when you develop your big applications.
So this kind of a big project we have firebase we have one signal we have some social media features
push notifications features.
So it's common for us to wait for this to be build up occasionally.
OK.
So after this is done you're going to be displayed with this push notification permission one more time
and I am going to allow this.
OK.
And let's see if we get this subscribed user right now.
So let me go back to my I want signal dashboard and what we want to do is to refresh the page to see
if subscribed users is one right now.
So here we go.
Now it's subscribed and it's working.
So now I can receive push notifications in my actual iPhone.
So here you will see a send the push message.
Come on.
Action.
So it's under common actions.
So if you cannot see it you can find it from the menu as well as you can see there.
There is a message as menu over here and you can come over to that and you can just say need push in
order to create a push from dashboard.
So this is very you can send a push message to all of your users manually by manually.
I mean you get to write the title you get to write the message and everything.
And by automatic I mean right.
Sending it inside of X code so you can send it to all subscribed users.
And I'm going to give some test titles over here okay.
And we will see how it will look like on our form on the right hand side.
For example I can just write my first push in my title and let's write something in the subtitle like
a test like my insta clone.
Okay.
And in the message by the I'm going to just say test test test test.
And here you go.
Now we see how this will look like and you will see some other options over here.
So for example badge counts.
So what is a badge count.
So this indicates how many notifications you have.
So let me show you some badge count up representation.
So like this the seven is the badge count of my e application.
OK.
So I have unread seven notifications.
So if you increase it by one it will display one in our app later on.
You will see a sound option here.
So if you want to do a sound file to push notifications which is not very suggested which is not very
encouraged by Apple but you can use it if you want.
And in here you can provide the media like your URL or an image to the to be displayed in the push notifications.
And under here you can schedule your push notifications as well you can just send them at a particular
time if you want or you can just send them immediately.
Now I'm going to confirm this and I'm going to send this message as you can see we have only one recipient
in this case.
And once I sent that let me open my phone and you will see we have this push notifications here you
go.
My first push my is the clone and we have this test test test.
Now if I hit on that push notification it will just take me to our app.
So let me open this with face recognition and let me try to click on that.
And here you go.
Now we are inside of our app.
So this is very cool.
Now we have seen how to send notifications and how to receive them.
And we're here in the messages section you can actually track the statistics of your push notifications
as well.
For example if you're working with a really big application you can just send the message and under
deliver a tab you can just see the statistics.
And in the users tab you can see all the users as you can see you can actually categorize or segmented
by the users as you want.
For example you can have a gender segmentation or you can have an active or none active segmentation.
You can just try to come up with other segmentation as well and you can just sense some push notifications
to only one segment at one time.
So it's kind of a serum tool for your customer relationship management tool for you as well.
And in the all users tab you will see all subscribed to users.
For example this is our current form and we have this play your I.D..
So this is a unique I.D. that is specific to our subscribe to users every going to use that player I.D.
in order to send push notifications to a specific user later on.
So we're going to stop here and within the next lecture we're going to deep dive into this play your
I.D. think.